doc/hours.md, before:

This log is just so that I can get credits from my university :)

| Date         | Hours | Details                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------ | ----- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 15.10.       | 2     | Backend: Creating the project skeleton                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| 17.10.       | 1     | Backend: Starting implementation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| 17. - 25.10. | 3     | Backend: Prototyping the program, starting over                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 25.10.       | 1     | Backend: Making a better plan for the project                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| 26.10.       | 1     | Backend: Started implementing book creation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| 3.11.        | 1     | Created a main repo to combine the frontend and backend, started using issues as a sort of a backlog                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| 4. - 5.11.   | 2     | Tried out a more functional style of backend, finished the getBooks endpoint                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| 10.11.       | 1     | Refactored backend, configured frontend and started implementation                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 13.11.       | 1     | Added filtering books by title to the frontend. Studied how to mix React and rxjs                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| 20.-22.11.   | 5     | Built a docker-compose file for running e2e tests with cucumber.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| 24.-25.11.   | 5     | Getting e2e tests to run on github actions including a whole lot of bugfixing                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| 10.12.       | 3     | Reworking docker-compose file so that e2e tests and the dev environment work together                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 11. - 28.12  | 8     | Forgot to make smaller commits, so this is a larger one. Includes a lot of bugfixing and learning about cucumber and selenium. Main repo: Started working on continuous deployment. Added more e2e tests and a simple page object model. Frontend: Added pages for searching and adding books. |
| 29.12        | 2     | Worked on adding books on the frontend.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| 3.12         | 2     | Finished continuous deployment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 6.12         | 4     | E2E test fixes. Added book creation to backend. Refactored frontend                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Total        | 42    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Commit message:

test fix of e2e tests on github actions

doc/hours.md, after:

This log is just so that I can get credits from my university :)

| Date         | Hours | Details                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------ | ----- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 15.10.       | 2     | Backend: Creating the project skeleton                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| 17.10.       | 1     | Backend: Starting implementation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| 17. - 25.10. | 3     | Backend: Prototyping the program, starting over                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 25.10.       | 1     | Backend: Making a better plan for the project                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| 26.10.       | 1     | Backend: Started implementing book creation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| 3.11.        | 1     | Created a main repo to combine the frontend and backend, started using issues as a sort of a backlog                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| 4. - 5.11.   | 2     | Tried out a more functional style of backend, finished the getBooks endpoint                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| 10.11.       | 1     | Refactored backend, configured frontend and started implementation                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| 13.11.       | 1     | Added filtering books by title to the frontend. Studied how to mix React and rxjs                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| 20.-22.11.   | 5     | Built a docker-compose file for running e2e tests with cucumber.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| 24.-25.11.   | 5     | Getting e2e tests to run on github actions including a whole lot of bugfixing                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| 10.12.       | 3     | Reworking docker-compose file so that e2e tests and the dev environment work together                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| 11. - 28.12  | 8     | Forgot to make smaller commits, so this is a larger one. Includes a lot of bugfixing and learning about cucumber and selenium. Main repo: Started working on continuous deployment. Added more e2e tests and a simple page object model. Frontend: Added pages for searching and adding books. |
| 29.12        | 2     | Worked on adding books on the frontend.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| 3.12         | 2     | Finished continuous deployment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| 6.12         | 4     | E2E test fixes. Added book creation to backend. Refactored frontend                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| 7.12         | 1     | Backend: Added tests to book creation and refactored old tests.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

| Total        | 43    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
